WEBAPP-619: Add Documentation for WSL setup (#381)
Integreat/integreat-webapp: docs/07-wsl-setup.md

# How to run the webapp on linux subsystem on Windows (WSL1)?

> Most of the webapp as been developed from a Linux environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the webapp has been developed from a Linux environment.
```

> To avoid environment specific troubleshooting and to improve performance it is recommended to set up the Windows Subsystem fot Linux (WSL) on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid environment specific troubleshooting and to improve performance it is recommended to set up and use the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) on Windows.
```

## Setup

1. Enable the linux subsystem ([Official Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10))
- In the powershell run:
```powershell
dism.exe /online /enable-feature /featurename:Microsoft-Windows-Subsystem-Linux /all /norestart
```
- Restart Windows

> - Install a Linux distribution of your choice (see Microsoft Store)

Reviewer: The following seems to be Ubuntu specific. If that is the case, probably add a note mentioning that.
